before this video starts a quick word
from our sponsor me I'm gonna be a part
of a charity stream probably are already
started by the time this video is that
these are the times that it's happening
say I have my country's burning I don't
I don't exactly want it to go just yet I
would like to I would like to keep
living here for a slight bit longer if
you don't mind I do the video
storytelling across many years it has
been the most common and sometimes only
way to empathize and connect with people
from different walks of life to close
the generational gap at times and even
to pass on knowledge and tradition to a
new age all culminating to today well we
got I am breastfed at 16 and I don't
like to call things too early but maybe
this is missing fam this is just mission
fail what mission is that I don't know I
don't think it matters but whatever
metric you used to measure this we want
hard we we burn down [__] schools
storytime animation though technically
existing for a long time has had
somewhat of a growth spurt recently had
up coming in 2019 2018 I don't actually
know I don't remember and I can see why
it's grown popular because stories are
interesting they're they're fun to
listen to you can learn a lot about the
person who's telling them but they would
be more interesting if they were visual
and we could use our eyes you know one
of our other senses but live-action
reenactments would look like a local
low-budget
news station and while those are
sometimes funny
they are also [__] there also seems to
be quite a clear correlation between how
outrageous and how crazy and kooky the
story is how quirky I'm not like other
girls
how quirky the video is and how likely
it is to pop off as youtubers say from
I'm a youtuber that's me this introduces
a problem because we are human we live
and then we [__] die and that's a
hundred percent gonna happen that always
happens so there's a very finite amount
of stories that we can
a crew during our lifetime and because
of that only some of them are going to
be 5 million of you video bangers so how
do we solve this answer get a bunch of
people to give you a very cool story
each and then you've got a bunch of cool
stories but there's another problem with
that if you are watching this video
right now you can already see the
problem because you're using the
Internet and people on the internet just
lie for no reason
they they just do that now I don't mean
like small lies you know like changing
some of the events around a little bit
retelling the story so that something
someone says is bit more exaggerated
because that is called storytelling
people do that all the time in real life
that's not what I'm referring to
I'm talking I've had the previously
mentioned absolute award-winning
masterpiece I am breastfed at 16 which
is most likely fake or at the very least
I would like to believe it is fake I
know I know the picture I painted myself
online but some things should not be
said while I am certain there are many
channels like it that I don't want a
search for one of the more well-known
ones would be a share my story I think
is that right yeah share my story which
is a channel that acts as a platform
that allows teenagers to have this to
always animated and shared across the
globe and I know that I know this is the
about page and we haven't even looked at
any of the videos but I already have a
problem here question one why just
teenagers that one kind of speaks for
itself
question two there seriously why just
teenagers I I don't I don't get it
I don't get it with first-hand
experience both interacting with
teenagers and being one at some point in
my life I know surprising teenagers can
be interesting they can be experienced
in some things but then note like my dad
is a cannibal interesting you know what
I'm saying the only reason I can see is
to Wyant stories about teenagers
is because like teenagers both
understand the concept of a sentence and
know how to make a story but also are
young enough to just completely lie
about everything also young adult
fiction that's probably that's probably
it
Hunger Games that was probably yet
doomed the soul I'm just gonna flat out
say that most if not all these stories
are fake because one of them in
particular is super [__]
incriminating like super super
incriminating that you would not want on
the Internet okay a lot of them are like
that actually now that I'm thinking
about I was just so yeah I see two
possibilities one a bunch of teenagers
are actually submitting stories and like
most of them are fake or possibility -
which is the one I'm rooting for is that
the submission thing is complete
[__] and it the creator of this like
the company behind this is just like
making up every single story it's all
complete lies the reason I hope it's
possibility too is because if this is
satirical it's [__] genius every
single video here is an absolute
dumpster fire the animation it's a
stretch to call it animation the stories
are bad the pacing is terrible
everything is just super confusing the
narration is absolute garbage they have
no emotion it is almost impressive I
should also say now that every claim I'm
making is elected because I don't
actually have any proof that these are
fake other than their entire goddamn
existence I mean come on look at them
but just just in case just in case alloy
throws a briefcase at me that's that
this is why it's alleged alleged there's
also one more thing about these videos
that you probably know that I haven't
explicitly stated mainly that they're
weed and gross and ghosts and we help
disgusting gross ie cockroaches he ate
my dog
I fell all over the homeless girl god
damn they just this they know how to
reel me back in don't let crazy song
boots normally I wouldn't mind this that
was a lie it freaks me the [__]
but it does put the question who's
actually who's watching this or who
their target demographic is at least
because I don't want to say kids but I
will say probably kids there's a case to
be made that hey teenagers could watch
this they see worse stuff every day and
sure I don't care about teenagers but I
think if I said hey maybe kids shouldn't
watch this I don't think I'll get much
much contention there
I think everyone's on the same page
again I cannot say for certain that kids
are watching this because I don't have
access to their demographics but I mean
come on
it's so it looks so much like Elsa gate
like we're just we're just doing this
whole thing again just in case you
thought to yourself man I wish there was
more of this don't worry we have another
channel called my story animated which
sounds so goddamn similar to the
previous channel I actually had to
reread this line multiple times because
I kept getting it wrong and it gets even
harder to tell the difference between
the two which was totally necessary that
they're just so different when you look
at the videos and you realize oh I'm not
watching I'm not watching a video from
my story animated I'm having a stroke or
some kind of mental breakdown and juice
by the carbon monoxide poisoning I've
been getting for the past three days oh
my god it's the same goddamn video I
can't escape this but wait actually you
are watching a video from my story
animated they just made exactly the
[__] same and I don't know why who is
who is who's doing this I just want to
talk
is it the Mafia it's not entirely fair
though there are some differences
between channels one of them is a
torturous hell escape and the other one
is still kind of a tour but less so and
that's really the only distinction I can
make as a side note it was at this part
of the video that I had trouble seeing
and I don't mean like oh I'm having
trouble reading words like some just
like sitting or like oh I know where my
glasses things just started disappearing
from my view and I don't I said before I
don't like to call things ahead of time
but maybe I mean I'm [__] cursed the
finale of this video we're talking about
a channel called story booth and I know
I know I know I know I know I know
I know I know I know they all sound
exactly the same because they're
basically all the same anyway very
perceptive of you
goldstar if I was to average out this
channels videos and compared to like the
other channels I would say this one is
technically better I guess the majority
of the subject matter in this channels
videos is fine there's nothing really to
it there's no I am breastfed of 16 so
we're already like ahead of the game
right now and along with that the
stories of real there they're told by
actual kids they're telling their own
stories it's very very real and despite
the fact that they're using shitty
microphones it's much better than the
narration in the other videos so the
voice work narration is better and the
subject matter isn't as bad oh so what's
your problem Scrooge [__] off
you may feel completely different about
this I haven't really aimed this against
anyone else but I I feel like maybe
you're profiting off kids and I don't
think that they entirely know what
they're doing because they're kids with
the disturbing subject matter on the
other channels the very shitty narration
and animation it makes it look think it
makes it look like a jerk like their
emotions and what they're saying does
not match up at all to what's going on
so you have this like disconnect between
you and the story with some of these
videos you can really [__] hear the
heartbreak in their voice you can hear
how upset they are and it makes you
upset and storybooth is profiting off
that some of these stories are upsetting
to watch even for me and if the person
that the story happened to wants to tell
that story I'm fine with that this isn't
like a censorship thing even what if
they want to put it out there on the
Internet that's their choice but I don't
think it should be their choice when
they're kids I there
they are like less younger than 14 mind
you it doesn't take very much to get
your story up in this channel or just to
send it in it's like all we have to do
is have flash enabled on your computer
wow what a massive step record it with
any microphone whatsoever it
automatically does that for you
and then send in your name and you're
done there is there's no like parental
supervision thing you don't have you
don't have to have a parent sign off on
that you can just send stuff in if I was
to vaguely describe this business model
to you it sounds it sounds a lot like
child labor I do kind of want to keep
this video light so I'm not gonna show
the footage from those videos I'm just
gonna disconnect you from that if you
want to look it up that's up to you but
I wouldn't recommend it so we're just
gonna swap back to the past two channels
where we get to make jokes and have fun
yay this is more of a signer thing but
the previous two channels they've
reapplied content so much that fervently
it's like it's their single main
objective in life sometimes they just
tack on free uploads onto the back of
shorter videos to extend the length
which is extremely scummy and kind of
pointless I saw a view before with a
short story which was what the thumb
there was and then two more stories
tacked on behind it are you [__]
joking me
another thing is these two channels
they're quite secretive and I'm not sure
if it's the same company running both or
maybe that the companies know each other
or something I'm not entirely sure but
they have the same animation a lot of
the time and even what appears to be the
same PNG used across the thumbnails I
don't I don't know what the reasoning is
and I don't think anyone knows but it's
probably very scummy who would have
thought what actual content creators not
corporate conglomerates that take the
stories of teenagers and kids don't
don't watch them watch people like
anyone else [__] know that those are
the fellas that are supporting me
through the
membership thing ISIF [__] Assam thanks
but that's a ha that's a howdy thanks
from me partner um subscribe hit the
bell if you want like the video I forgot
that the Bell was a thing for like half
a year this is my [__] job this is my
goddamn job support the boys alright
that's enough for me that's enough for
me
[Music]